[trainer + examples] set log level from CLI (#12276)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/main_classes/trainer.rst

    :members:

Logging
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> By default :class:`~transformers.Trainer` will use ``logging.INFO`` for the main node and ``logging.WARNING`` for the
> replica nodes if any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default :class:`~transformers.Trainer` will use ``logging.INFO`` for the main process and ``logging.WARNING`` for the
replicas if any.
```
node = machine (at least in the PyTorch launcher) so we should talk of processes.

Author: that's definitely more clear! I got mixed up with with `log_on_each_node`. thank you!

These defaults can be overridden to use any of the 5 ``logging`` levels with :class:`~transformers.TrainingArguments`'s
arguments:

> - ``log_level`` - for the main node
> - ``log_level_replica`` - for the replica nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``log_level`` - for the main process
- ``log_level_replica`` - for the replicas
```

> Further, if :class:`~transformers.TrainingArguments`'s ``log_on_each_node`` is set to ``True`` all nodes will use the
> log level settings for the main node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, if :class:`~transformers.TrainingArguments`'s ``log_on_each_node`` is set to ``True`` all nodes will use the
log level settings for the main process.
```
This is actually the default, so maybe formulate this in the other direction? 

Further, if :class:`~transformers.TrainingArguments`'s ``log_on_each_node`` is set to ``False`` only the main node will use the log level settings for its main process, all other nodes will use the log level settings for replicas.

Author: excellent. Thank you, Sylvain! 

I extended the examples to include this too, so it's even more clear now.

Note that :class:`~transformers.Trainer` is going to set ``transformers``'s log level separately for each node in its
:meth:`~transformers.Trainer.__init__`. So you may want to set this sooner (see the next example) if you tap into other
``transformers`` functionality before creating the :class:`~transformers.Trainer` object.

Here is an example of how this can be used in an application:

.. code-block:: python

    [...]
    logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)

    # Setup logging
    logging.basicConfig(
        format="%(asctime)s - %(levelname)s - %(name)s -   %(message)s",
        datefmt="%m/%d/%Y %H:%M:%S",
        handlers=[logging.StreamHandler(sys.stdout)],
    )

    # set the main code and the modules it uses to the same log-level according to the node
    log_level = training_args.get_node_log_level()
    logger.setLevel(log_level)
    datasets.utils.logging.set_verbosity(log_level)
    transformers.utils.logging.set_verbosity(log_level)

> 

Reviewer: Add some ... and a `trainer = Trainer(...)` to show the Trainer is defined after?
